DOC-1010: Add clarification note of CRDB antipatterns (#14451)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/migrate-from-postgres.md

To migrate from PostgreSQL to CockroachDB using the AWS Database Migration Service, see [Migrate with AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)](aws-dms.html).
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## Pre-migration considerations

### Primary keys

> PostgreSQL and CockroachDB have differences in best practices surrounding [primary keys](primary-key.html) on tables. While it's common to see sequences and auto-incrementing primary keys in PostgreSQL, these features can cause hotspots within your cluster when reading or writing large amounts of data. The preferred approaches for  are using [multi-column primary keys](performance-best-practices-overview.html#use-multi-column-primary-keys) or using the [`UUID`](uuid.html) datatype for primary key columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL and CockroachDB have differences in best practices surrounding [primary keys](primary-key.html) on tables. While it's common to see sequences and auto-incrementing primary keys in PostgreSQL, these features can cause hotspots within your cluster when reading or writing large amounts of data. Cockroach Labs recommends that you use [multi-column primary keys](performance-best-practices-overview.html#use-multi-column-primary-keys) or the [`UUID`](uuid.html) datatype for primary key columns.
```

If you are working with a table that must be indexed on sequential keys, consider using [hash-sharded indexes](hash-sharded-indexes.html). As part of this, we recommend doing thorough performance testing with and without hash-sharded indexes to see which works best for your application.

> For further information, see [Unique ID best practices](performance-best-practices-overview.html#unique-id-best-practices) and [3 Basic Rules for Choosing Indexes](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/how-to-choose-db-index-keys/)/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information, see [Unique ID best practices](performance-best-practices-overview.html#unique-id-best-practices) and [3 Basic Rules for Choosing Indexes](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/how-to-choose-db-index-keys/).
```
